ADMISSION

ADMISSION MODALITIES
Ordinary Modality, by general exam or ordinary exam.

Non Ordinary or Extraordinary Modalities
University graduates or graduates, second university profession.
Graduates or graduates, from technical higher education institutes.
Graduates or graduates, from technical higher education institutes with agreement.
Graduates or graduates, from technological higher education schools.
By internal transfer, university students other UPRIT programs.
By external transfer, university students from other universities.
By external transfer by agreement of double degree or similar.
For high performance, graduates from selected schools of excellence.
For high performance, upper third.
For high performance award of excellence, the first two places in the order of merit of secondary level educational institutions, in the La Libertad region.
PRODAC national team athletes, representative athletes, accredited as such by the peruvian sports institute, who participate in the national teams in the disciplines approved by the UPRIT.
Representative athletes, with scholarships from the high competition sports programs that are developed at the UPRIT.
People with disabilities, who are entitled to a reserve of five percent of the vacancies offered in the admission process.
Income from the scholarship program with agreement: Beca eighteen, pronabec scholarship program for postgraduate studies or another scholarship program with specific agreement.
Other modalities established by the university council.

REQUIREMENTS TO APPLY
For entrants Cycle
Application addressed to the office of admission, prospecting and marketing in the respective format.
Registration form duly filled out.
Original transcripts of the five years of secondary education.
Copy of DNI, original birth certificate or legalized copy.
Two current color passport size photographs with a white background, physical and digital.
Affidavit of not having a criminal record.

For external transfers
The same requirements for cycle I entrants, in addition:
Have approved at least four semester periods or seventy two credits at another university.
Original official certificates of university or similar studies in higher education centers, with a passing grade and without amendments.
Syllabus visa of the courses you wish to validate, upon request and in accordance with the current general regulations.
Proof of not having been removed for behavior problems.
