BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION

Presentation
Business administration careers train professionals to effectively manage the human resources of a company, unit or organization on a global scale.
Business administration is a complete career where you will learn about the different aspects and areas that make up a business, you will obtain knowledge in economics, humanities, accounting and administration.
A person who studies business economics is one who prepares for the creation and proper management of a private company or a public organization. In general, they are professionals with a strong entrepreneurial spirit and who know how to manage organizations to increase profits and create jobs in society. They have financial skills, but are also educated in humanities and how to communicate with their partners.

Information
Credits, 200.
Duration, 10 semesters.
Schedule, monday to saturday.
Location, Trujillo.
Modality, presential.

Belongs to faculty of business sciences.

Study Plan

Download

Career Coordinator
Luis Alvarado Enríquez
Graduate in administration and master's degree in commercial management and marketing communications, with vast experience in strategic and business marketing, as well as marketing director, consultant and marketing metrics.

Contact
Assistant: graduate Augusto Cabrera
E-mail: augusto spot cabrera arroba uprit spot edu spot pe

Professional Performance
Occupational fields
Ministries and other public entities in general.
Public companies.
Private companies or subcontracting or outsourcing cooperatives: areas of recruitment and preparation of human talent.

Job positions
Director, general manager of companies.
General manager of administration.
Director, manager, deputy manager, planning manager.
Administration manager.
Strategic manager.
Organization and methods analyst.
Management and business consultant.
Human talent manager.

Job performance domains
Strategic planning.
Organizational design and processes.
Investment project evaluation.
Human resources.
Labor legislation.

TEACHERS OF THE BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CAREER
Luis Miguel Alvarado Henríquez, master in communication sciences with a mention in commercial management and marketing communications.
Olenka Espinoza Rodríguez, doctor of education.
Paula Alexandra La Barrera Neciosup, Master's degree in education witn mention in educational management and accreditation.