CIVIL ENGINEERING

Presentation
Civil engineering is the discipline in charge of carrying out all kinds of infrastructures that society needs for its development. To do so, it must be able to understand a multitude of factors that affect infrastructures in one way or another and act accordingly.
The Civil Engineer has a solid technical competence that allows him to perform the evaluation, planning, design, construction, operation and maintenance of civil infrastructure works and systems; possesses adaptability and versatility that allows him to work and interact at all levels and types of engineering projects; communicates effectively with all stakeholders of a project; acts at all times with ethical and professional responsibility; and is constantly updated on the changes and advances of the profession in order to seek innovation and technological advances in the profession.

Information
Credits, 200.
Duration, 10 semesters.
Schedule, monday to saturday.
Location, Trujillo.
Modality, presential.

Belongs to faculty of engineering.

Study Plan

Download

Career Coordinator
Giuseppe Negrini Mávila, civil engineer and master's degree in construction sciences with vast experience in project management, construction management and project management indexes, supervision of construction processes, quality control of concrete works, BIM projects, LEAN methodology.

Contact
Assistant: graduate Augusto Cabrera
E-mail: augusto spot cabrera arroba uprit spot edu spot pe

Professional Performance
Private infrastructure investment companies.
Public companies.
Regional and municipal governments.
Ministries and other public entities.

Job positions
Civil servant or specialized institution official.
Infrastructure project formulator.
Infrastructure, projects manager.
Planning manager, head of planning.
Public investment manager, head, analyst.
Cost, budget engineer.
Other similar positions project formulation and evaluation.

Job performance domains
Investment project evaluation.
Public investment.
Economics.
Costing and budgeting.
Project management.
Administration.
Planning.

TEACHERS OF THE BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CAREER
Lenin Miguel Bendezú Romero, doctor in civil engineering.
Enrique Manuel Durand Bazán, doctor in educational sciences.
Hugo Dante Montoro Cáceres, master in earth sciences.
Giuseppe Renat Negrini Mávila, master in construction sciences.