ACCOUNTING AND FINANCE

Presentation
Accounting and Finance careers play a very important role in the economy, not only for governments, but also for businesses, households, national and international companies, among others.
It is necessary to use financial and accounting data to make business decisions. This situation indicates that company managers or those in charge of the administrative and financial department have received rigorous training in the field of accounting and finance.
This career is very important because it manages the financial and economic activities of a company to make the most appropriate decisions.

Information
Credits, 200.
Duration, 10 semesters.
Schedule, monday to saturday.
Location, Trujillo.
Modality, presential.

Belongs to faculty of business sciences.

Study Plan

Download

Career Coordinator
Pedro Aponte Méndez, Certified Public Accountant and doctor in Accounting and Finance. Head of the EsSalud Finance office, head of the logistics unit of the Víctor Lazarte Echegaray hospital. President of extrajudicial processes. Head of the Finance Office of the Víctor Lazarte Echegaray Hospital.

Contact
Assistant: graduate Augusto Cabrera
E-mail: augusto spot cabrera arroba uprit spot edu spot pe

Professional Performance
Public entities such as ministries, regional governments, others.
Regulatory and control agencies.
Auditing associations or companies.
Non-governmental organizations
Public and private companies in general.

Job positions
Management auditor.
Financial director, auditor.
Accountant specializing in corporate auditing.
Internal or external auditor of accounting and tax policies and procedures.
Chartered accountant.
Accounting advisor.
Accountant specializing in corporate auditing.
Accountant specializing in municipal accounting.

Job performance domains
Tax audit.
Financial audit.
Management audit.
Accounting expertise.
Municipal accounting.
State financial information system.

TEACHERS OF THE BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CAREER
Santos Pedro Aponte Méndez, Doctor in Accounting and Finance.
Jorge Alejandro Dionicio Zavaleta, Master in Economic Sciences with a mention in Taxation.
Javier Estuardo Navarro Santander, Master in University Teaching.
Milagros Isabel Rivas Mendoza, Master in Educational Sciences with a mention in Teaching and Research.