LAW

Presentation
Law is a set of rules, laws and resolutions that are part of a system of institutions, principles and norms that regulate human conduct and relations both material and legal for the common good, security and justice.
In this sense, legal education includes not only the study of the national and global socio historical processes that led to the existence of modern law, but also the detailed study of the various sources of law and their consequences, which today constitute the main focus of the subject.
The diversity of branches existing in different jurisdictions provides the opportunity to specialize according to individual interests, being a very broad discipline.

Information
Credits, 227.
Duration, 11 semestres.
Schedule, monday to saturday.
Location, Trujillo.
Modality, presential.

Belongs to faculty of law.

Study Plan

Download

Career Coordinator
Walter Llaque Sánchez, Lawyer and doctor in Constitutional Law and Functioning, head of the academic exchange office, of the technical office of administrative personnel, of the directorate of international technical cooperation for educational and social development, director of social projection and university extension, head of the office of Legal issues.

Contact
Assistant: graduate Augusto Cabrera
E-mail: augusto spot cabrera arroba uprit spot edu spot pe

Professional Performance
Ministries.
Congress of the republic.
Comptroller's office and others.
Local and regional governments.
Electoral bodies.
Public entities in general.
Specialized law firms.

Job positions
Director, head, department officer.
Manager, secretary general.
Chief of cabinet of advisors.
Director general of regulations and legal affairs.
Legal advisor.
Municipal manager.
Other similar positions in the public sector.

Job performance domains
Public management.
Planning.
Regulatory law.
Administrative law.
Economic analysis of law.
Electoral law.

TEACHERS OF THE BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION CAREER
Carlos Jesús Alza Collantes, doctor of education.
Danny Díaz Fernández, master in public management.
Walter Rafael Llaque Sánchez, doctor in constitutional law and functioning.
Alexander Máximo Rodríguez García, master in law with a mention in labor and social security law.